 OVERVIEW Adobe’s mission is to empower everyone to create. We build innovative platforms and tools that unleash creativity, productivity and personalized customer experiences. For over four decades, our innovations have transformed how people everywhere engage across all types of media. Adobe’s solutions are the foundation of digital experiences, starting with the first creative spark, to the creation and development of all content and media, to the personalized delivery across every channel. Our focus revolves around serving our customer audiences: business professionals, consumers, creators, creative professionals and marketing professionals. The massive opportunity and evolving role of creativity across roles and industries have driven Adobe’s growth over the past four decades and are expected to continue to drive our growth going forward as we evolve our solutions and routes to market to anticipate the growing needs of our customers. In the artificial intelligence (“AI”) era, we are harnessing the power of AI across our solutions by bringing together our commercially safe first-party and leading partner AI models best suited for the job; deploying conversational and agentic capabilities across offerings; ensuring ubiquity on all surfaces; delivering trusted and secure solutions; and expanding our global presence. Adobe’s value proposition is to empower creative expression across multiple media types and channels, at scale, in a collaborative and secure environment, with an end-to-end integrated platform spanning ideation, creation, production and activation. We power the entire content workflow with Adobe’s AI platform, which offers customers brand safety, compliance, intellectual property protection, and reliability. STRATEGY & OPPORTUNITY Adobe’s strategy is to empower our customer audiences—business professionals, consumers, creators, creative professionals and marketing professionals—to be more creative, productive and successful. Underpinning our customer-focused solutions is our AI strategy and Adobe’s AI platform. As a technology leader that unleashes creativity, productivity and customer experience orchestration, we deliver end-to-end professional creative and marketing solutions. We support our customers to transform the way they connect with their customers and bring creativity and marketing together in new and powerful ways through a connected ecosystem of tools, agents and workflows. We are scaling differentiated digital and enterprise routes to market and automated workflows to expand our brand value and global reach. Customer Groups Strategy We drive our strategy through customer-specific product innovation and go-to-market motions focused on two customer groups: Business Professionals & Consumers and Creative & Marketing Professionals. We continue to focus on several key 3 Table of Contents growth drivers among our customer groups. This includes expanding relationships and engagement with existing customers, driving new customer adoption, delivering value-driven and innovative solutions in new categories across desktop, web and mobile, and increasing our geographic reach. We continue to scale our digital and enterprise routes to market as well as our extensive partner ecosystem to expand our addressable market and deliver on our strategy. Business Professionals & Consumers Creativity and productivity are merging and changing how everyone communicates digitally. Business professionals and consumers seek intuitive, all-in-one solutions that seamlessly integrate creativity and productivity across web and mobile. They require tools to digest and gain insights from vast amounts of information and data. They value ease of use, enabled by freemium models that provide accessible entry points to powerful tools that span document consumption and content creation. AI-powered features and conversational interfaces are increasingly replacing traditional templates, offering dynamic and personalized workflows that enhance efficiency. For Business Professionals & Consumers, we are democratizing productivity and creativity with AI-driven, quick and easy applications (“apps”) that enable users to be creative and productive whether consuming or generating content across multiple media types and channels. With Acrobat Studio, which brings together Adobe Acrobat and Express to deliver more product value, we are evolving Acrobat from a leading document productivity app to an integrated destination for people to get insights faster, create standout content and collaborate more seamlessly. Our Acrobat solutions, from our freemium Acrobat Reader to Acrobat AI Assistant to our AI-powered productivity and creativity destination, Acrobat Studio, facilitate frictionless onboarding and scaled reach in serving the billions of potential users in this customer group. Creative & Marketing Professionals Creators and creative professionals need AI-driven solutions that provide power and precision from ideation and creation to production and delivery. They want a powerful destination for creative expression and access to leading AI models. They require seamless collaboration capabilities, powerful ideation tools, conversational and agentic AI solutions and flexible access to web, mobile, and desktop applications to meet the growing demand for high-quality, personalized content in a fast-paced digital economy. As AI fundamentally transforms content production, distribution and monetization, our solutions accelerate creative expression for creators and creative professionals and enable anyone to create by using the AI functionality infused in our flagship creative applications as well as our AI-first solutions. We offer an end-to-end, ideation-to-creation platform powered by our commercially safe Firefly models and an expansive partner model ecosystem, offering customers choice and flexibility without the friction of switching between workflows and platforms. Marketing professionals require AI-driven solutions that enable them to create, manage and optimize personalized digital experiences at scale and to enhance brand visibility across the content supply chain. They need agility, self-service capabilities, and integrated workflows to collaborate effectively with creative teams and agencies and meet the increasing demand for compelling content. For marketing professionals, we unify creative production and marketing execution with comprehensive content supply chain solutions that deliver end-to-end customer experience orchestration solutions, automate workflows and personalize experiences and engagement at scale across channels. Centered around Adobe Experience Platform and apps and Adobe GenStudio, our offerings streamline the content supply chain and deliver agile, self-service capabilities and integrated workflows to collaborate effectively and efficiently produce high volumes of on-brand, personalized content to strengthen brand visibility. Our competitive differentiation comes from the increased value we provide customers by integrating the Adobe Experience Platform with our comprehensive set of solutions and embedding AI into our portfolio of solutions, such as Adobe Experience Platform AI Assistant. Adobe Experience Platform is a customer data platform that serves as a foundation in enterprises for digital customer engagement and brings together AI-powered apps and agents to efficiently drive engagement and loyalty. Through AI-powered features and AI agents, our solutions enable businesses to provide real-time orchestration of customer journeys and help marketers deliver impactful, data-driven campaigns while optimizing return on investment. Our innovations empower our customers to use their first-party customer data and deliver more relevant, high-impact advertising experiences rooted in direct consumer and business relationships. Creative and marketing professionals have increasingly interconnected objectives and workflows in the content lifecycle. Creative professionals produce high-quality content, while marketing professionals leverage this content to deliver personalized, data-driven digital experiences at scale. Adobe’s integrated solutions, such as GenStudio and Firefly Services, bridge the gap between content creation and marketing execution, enabling seamless collaboration and efficiency across these roles. This unified approach reflects Adobe’s strategy to address the entire content lifecycle—from ideation to activation—ensuring alignment, scalability, and value for both creative and marketing functions. 4 Table of Contents AI Strategy AI represents a generational opportunity to serve an increasingly large and diverse customer universe. Adobe’s approach to AI is rooted in the belief that creativity is a uniquely human trait – and that AI has the power to assist and amplify human ingenuity and enhance productivity. Adobe’s AI leadership builds on our expertise across core creative categories like imaging, design, illustration and video as well as digital documents and digital experiences. Over the past several years, we have incorporated AI into our solutions and delivered hundreds of AI capabilities to enable customers to create, work and collaborate more efficiently. To address our customers’ need for a holistic approach for their productivity, creativity and marketing needs, Adobe’s strategy infuses AI across our apps, embeds purpose-built agents in our applications, provides choice of models and harnesses our unique data assets to deliver comprehensive and easy-to-use solutions. Applications and Interfaces . Adobe’s AI platform powers the applications and interfaces that customers use every day across their creative, productivity and marketing workflows by bringing together innovations across agents, models and data. These integrations increase the value that our product portfolio delivers to customers with a unified experience across our solutions. We drive higher customer engagement and retention by enhancing our existing solutions and infusing AI in our core applications and launching AI-first applications. Agent Orchestration. We use our unique data assets to design and implement AI agents that generate insights and content, make recommendations and optimize engagement and customer experience outcomes across our product portfolio. We are building agents on the Adobe Experience Platform, informed by our deep understanding of our customers’ needs and the complexity of delivering content at scale, to redefine and simplify the future of customer connection by automating decision-making, optimizing workflows and enabling real-time orchestration of content, data and journeys. We offer AI assistants powered by agents that unlock creativity and allow for conversational creation and editing. Our agents and agentic solutions in our Acrobat offerings streamline workflows, drive efficiency, unlock productivity and accelerate time to value. Our agents and agentic solutions are expanding our user base across our customer groups by reducing the need for traditional onboarding and training to unlock the value of AI solutions. Models. In the rapidly evolving AI landscape, where each generative AI model has its own strength, we offer customers flexibility to use the model of their choice directly within certain Adobe solutions to best serve their needs. Adobe Models: We build our own creativity-focused, commercially safe Firefly foundation models for generation and editing across categories. Partner Models: We partner with an extensive ecosystem of third-party models across categories. Within certain applications, customers can choose from our Adobe Firefly models and partner models to meet their creativity, productivity and marketing needs. Our focus on controllability is designed to align with our customer’s creative intent, allowing for preferred input, customization, precise refinement, iterative control and seamless integration across our apps. Customized Models: We offer the ability for individuals and enterprises to train Firefly generative AI models tailored to their specific requirements with their own assets. Data. As AI continues to change content creation, our customers, particularly creators and enterprises, increasingly require responsible, secure and human-centered AI solutions. In developing our Firefly foundation models, we responsibly harness our unique data assets and help our customers amplify the value of their first-party data. Adobe leverages a rich dataset sourced from licensed content and public domain assets to train our Firefly generative AI models that are commercially safe for our customers. This approach respects creator rights and builds trust among enterprise customers, enabling them to confidently use AI-generated outputs in production workflows. We also work with our customers to help them manage, gain insights from and unlock the power of their first-party data and assets, and build customized models and solutions using such data and assets stored in our applications, systems, and through connections to other business applications. COMPETITION We participate in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment where our competitors include companies of various sizes and both public and private companies, including large, global companies and smaller companies with more specialized focuses, new entrants, and AI or cloud-native companies. We compete with software companies, AI companies, hardware manufacturers, operating system developers, and social media companies across our business. The markets for our solutions are characterized by rapid technological innovation, new industry standards, evolving distribution and sales models, limited barriers to entry, short product lifecycles, customer price sensitivity, global economic conditions and the frequent entry of new solutions or competitors. Our future success will depend on our ability to effectively appeal to customers and accurately predict and meet changing customer needs by enhancing our existing solutions and introducing new ones in a timely and cost-effective manner. We need to anticipate emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods, and other technological changes. 5 Table of Contents Our solutions for business professionals and consumers face broad competition from productivity tools and consumer-focused creative tools including general productivity platforms and apps, web- and mobile-first design platforms, an array of easy-to-use desktop, web and mobile content creation apps, AI-first creativity and productivity tools, presentation tools, and social media platforms that offer built-in media editing capabilities. Our solutions for creators and creative professionals face broad competition from both established and emerging players including professional tools and suites for imaging, video, design, 3D, and other creative tasks, purpose-built mobile apps, AI-first creative tools, as well as creative tools integrated into broader desktop, web, and mobile applications. Our solutions for marketing professionals face broad competition from large, established enterprise software and cloud companies, point solutions from smaller, specialized companies, new companies constantly entering the digital experience space as well as business’ internally developed apps. Key competitive factors in this environment include proven performance, security, scalability, flexibility, and reliability of the platform; breadth of functionality & strategic integrations with third parties; cost-effective benefits; enterprise-level service & training; and ability to integrate across business workflows. Adobe continues to build on its strong foundation of research and development, transformative innovation, category and brand leadership and world-class financial discipline. We deliver Adobe magic to an expanding set of global customers and are executing on the opportunity ahead. We are a trusted partner to companies of all sizes who look to our integrated ecosystems and connected workflows across creativity, productivity, and marketing to stand out and grow their brands. See the section titled “Risk Factors” contained in Part I , Item 1A of this report for additional information regarding risks related to competition. PRINCIPAL SOLUTIONS Business Professionals & Consumers Acrobat Solutions Acrobat is our family of productivity solutions that allows users to consume, edit, sign, and create documents across platforms and surfaces, and better understand the information within them. Our Adobe Acrobat solutions are available on desktop, mobile, and the web with Acrobat Studio, Acrobat Pro, Acrobat Standard tiered plans, and for free with Adobe Acrobat Reader. Acrobat AI Assistant, our generative AI-powered conversational engine, gives users the power to work more productively with their PDFs by summarizing and answering questions about documents, providing intelligent citations and quickly generating and formatting content for sharing. Acrobat AI Assistant is available in Acrobat Studio and offered as an add-on to Acrobat Pro, Acrobat Standard and Acrobat Reader. Acrobat Studio Acrobat Studio is an all-in-one platform for productivity and creation that unites Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Express and AI agents to enable people to quickly, easily and intuitively work. Users can gain insights with specialized AI assistants, create interactive workspaces with PDF Spaces, and transform content using Adobe Express—all in one place. Acrobat Studio integrates Acrobat’s AI capabilities with its PDF features. PDF Spaces turns collections of files and websites into sharable, conversational knowledge hubs with personalized AI Assistants, transforming PDFs from static files into a dynamic environment for uncovering insights, generating ideas, surfacing recommendations, and synthesizing information. Adobe Express creation capabilities, trusted PDF tools and agentic AI make it easy to create, edit and share documents and visual content in the same place. Adobe Acrobat Adobe Acrobat is our comprehensive PDF solution with a full set of tools to convert, edit, share and sign PDFs across various surfaces and platforms. Acrobat enables automated, collaborative workflows with a rich set of commenting, editing and sharing tools and direct integration with Adobe Acrobat Sign. With the Acrobat Standard plan, subscribers can convert, edit, request signatures, and protect PDFs. The Acrobat Pro plan offers additional advanced PDF features. Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Acrobat Reader, our free software for reliable viewing, annotating and printing of PDF documents on a variety of surfaces and platforms, offers features to create, edit, export, combine, share and collaborate on PDF documents, including the “Liquid Mode” feature that automatically reformats PDFs for quick navigation and consumption on mobile devices. 6 Table of Contents Adobe Express Adobe Express is our all-in-one AI content creation app for users of any level, such as novice content creators and communicators, to easily create video, marketing, and social content. Users can easily design high-impact design elements, engaging videos and images, resumes, PDFs, animation and content ready for social media channels and platforms. Adobe Express integrates with other Adobe solutions allowing customers to accelerate, streamline and scale on-brand content creation. Creative & Marketing Professionals Adobe Creative Cloud Pro Adobe Creative Cloud Pro is a cloud-based subscription to an ecosystem of apps that enables creative professionals and enthusiasts alike to express themselves and collaborate with apps and services for photography, design, video, social media, and more that connect across surfaces, platforms and geographies. Subscribers have access to cloud storage to easily sync, access, collaborate and share their work, files and assets. Creative Cloud Pro includes the Adobe Firefly web app, the premium version of Adobe Express, and AI-powered features natively integrated throughout Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Premiere Pro. All apps listed below and many more are available through subscriptions to Creative Cloud Pro (except Substance 3D Apps, which are sold separately through the Adobe Substance 3D Collection plan), and many of our apps are also available as standalone subscriptions on Adobe.com. Adobe Photoshop and Lightroom Adobe Photoshop is the world’s most advanced digital imaging and design app, with powerful editing and effects tools to transform photos. Adobe Lightroom is our cloud-based photo app that allows subscribers to edit, organize, store and share photos across desktop, tablet, mobile devices and the web. In addition to individual subscriptions to Photoshop and Lightroom, we offer a Photography Plan for photographers and photo enthusiasts and includes Photoshop, Lightroom and Lightroom Classic. Adobe Illustrator Adobe Illustrator is our industry-standard vector graphics app used worldwide by designers of all types who want to create digital graphics and illustrations for all kinds of media—print, web, interactive, video and mobile—from web and mobile graphics to product packaging to book illustrations and billboards. Adobe Premiere Pro Adobe Premiere Pro is a nonlinear video editing app used by filmmakers, TV editors, YouTubers and videographers. Our customers can import and combine various types of media, from video shot on a mobile device to 8K to virtual reality, and then edit in its native format without transcoding. Automated tools and workflows for color, graphics, audio and immersive 360/VR make the editing process more efficient. Adobe After Effects Adobe After Effects is our industry-standard motion graphics and visual effects app used by a wide variety of animators, designers and compositors to create cinematic movie titles, add effects and create animations. After Effects works together seamlessly with other Adobe solutions as well as third party software and hardware partners. Adobe Substance 3D Collection Adobe Substance 3D is an ecosystem of apps, including Substance 3D Stager, Substance 3D Painter, Substance 3D Sampler, Substance 3D Assets and Substance 3D Modeler. Our customers can build and assemble 3D scenes with Stager, use tools in Painter to texture 3D assets and use Sampler to digitize and enrich assets. Substance 3D Assets is a 3D materials library from which users can import professional quality 3D textures into their projects and generate infinite texture variations. Substance 3D Modeler, which is available on desktop and certain VR headsets, interprets spatial input from the physical world, allowing the user to sculpt a model as if in a real workshop, using natural, fluid gestures of the artistic flow, and switch between VR and desktop, at every project stage. Adobe Stock Adobe Stock provides designers and businesses with access to millions of high-quality, curated, royalty-free photos, vectors, illustrations, videos, templates, audio and 3D assets, for all their creative projects. Adobe Stock is built into our apps, 7 Table of Contents including Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Express, enabling users to search, browse and add assets to their Creative Cloud Libraries and instantly access them across all connected surfaces. Adobe Stock assets include free and paid collections and may be licensed directly within Adobe’s apps, through stock.adobe.com or as a multi-asset subscription. Adobe Firefly Solutions Adobe Firefly is Adobe’s family of creative generative AI models that span image, video, vector, audio, and more. The Firefly family of models are infused across Adobe’s solutions and powering new solutions that enhance creativity, marketing and productivity workflows for our customers. Through natural language, reference assets, and intuitive interactions, users can create and edit images, videos, text effects, design templates, vector graphics, and audio. Firefly models are commercially safe. They are trained on data Adobe has the rights to use. Every asset generated with Firefly includes Content Credentials, a digital “nutrition label”, to indicate that generative AI was used, bringing more trust and transparency to digital content. In addition, with certain of our enterprise and teams solutions, businesses are eligible to obtain an intellectual property indemnification for AI content generated by most Firefly-powered workflows. Adobe Firefly solutions are available in tiered subscription plans: Firefly Standard, Firefly Pro and Firefly Premium. Adobe Firefly App Adobe’s Firefly app is an AI-powered creative space for content ideation, creation and production. The Firefly app includes access to an expansive partner model ecosystem as well as all of Adobe’s AI Firefly models to allow users to generate images, video, vectors, audio and more from a single place, iterate on their creations across Adobe’s creative apps and seamlessly deliver them into pro