 Overview We provide an agentic customer platform that helps marketing, sales, and customer service teams drive business growth. We deliver seamless connection for customer-facing teams with a unified platform that includes three layers: Artificial Intelligence ("AI")-powered agents and engagement hubs, a Smart customer relationship management product (“CRM”), and a connected ecosystem supporting the customer platform with a marketplace of integrations, templates, expert partners, a community network, and an academy of educational content. Our AI-powered agents and engagement Hubs that enable companies to attract, engage, and delight customers throughout the customer lifecycle include Marketing, Sales, Service, Operations, Content and Commerce. The Smart CRM is the foundational context layer that combines customer data with AI to power the entire customer platform with unified customer profiles and tools to manage and govern your team and business processes. We focus on selling to mid-market business-to-business (“B2B”) companies, which we define as companies that have between 2 and 2,000 employees, and aim to be the best at applying AI to help them grow. We primarily sell our customer platform on a subscription basis. In 2025, our total revenue was $3.1 billion and we generated a net income of $45.9 million. As of December 31, 2025, we had 8,882 full-time employees and 288,706 Customers, as defined in our Key Business Metrics in Item 7, of varying sizes in more than 135 countries. Our company was formed as a limited liability company in Delaware on April 4, 2005. We converted to a Delaware corporation on June 7, 2007. Our principal executive offices are located at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, Massachusetts, and our main telephone number is 888-482-7768. Our website address is https://www.hubspot.com. Information contained on or that can be accessed through our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and inclusions of our website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are inactive textual references only. The HubSpot Approach Our customer platform features a central database of lead and customer interactions and integrated applications designed to help businesses build their presence online, attract prospects across channels, convert prospects into leads, close leads into customers, transact with those customers, and delight them so they become promoters of those businesses. Designed to Help Companies Grow Better. Our customer platform was crafted from the ground up to enable businesses to transform their marketing, sales, services, operations, commerce and content management playbook to meet the demands of customers today. Our customer platform includes a system of record for maintaining a unified view of the customer experience, a system of engagement for efficiently engaging customers through search engine optimization (“SEO”), and answer engine optimization (“AEO”), AI-powered content creation, web content, social, blogging, email, marketing automation, messaging, support ticketing, knowledge base, conversation routing, video hosting, deal progression, prospecting, data enrichment, and an end-to-end commerce solution which enables customers to use AI-powered configure-price-quote (“CPQ”) capabilities, automated billing, and payment processing to streamline the end-to-end quote-to-cash process with fewer tools. Our AI agents extend the platform with AI teammates that do real work, like researching accounts, enriching data, answering support questions, and qualifying leads. Ease of Use of a Single, Extensible Platform that Drives Fast Time to Value. We provide a set of integrated applications on a common platform, which offers businesses ease of use and simplicity. Our customer platform has one login, one user interface and one unified customer view. Our customer platform starts free and grows with our customers. It is designed to scale its power and technical sophistication without losing its ease-of-use. In addition to being a comprehensive suite itself, our customer platform seamlessly integrates with hundreds of external applications, making it easy to extend the functionality of our customer platform and customize it for any business. This enables our customers to get work done quickly, driving immediate impact. Power of a Unified Customer View. At the core of our customer platform is a unified data platform for each business that captures its lead and customer activity throughout the customer lifecycle – this is our Smart CRM. Our Smart CRM uses AI to automatically enrich customer records, maintain data quality, and provide unified customer context that powers personalized experiences across all engagement channels. Our Smart CRM also creates a unified timeline incorporating all the interactions across the business with a particular customer. In contrast to many CRM suites which are cobbled together, we have crafted a set of core functionalities, including reporting, content, messaging, data, AI assistance and automation, which run across our engagement Hubs. 7 Scalability. Our customer platform is designed and built to serve a large number of customers with demanding use cases. Our customer platform currently processes billions of data points each week, and we use leading global cloud infrastructure providers and our own automation technology to dynamically allocate capacity to handle processing workloads of all sizes. We have built our customer platform on modern, scalable distributed technologies. We built the infrastructure to support hundreds of microservices and can easily add new features and capabilities to the customer platform. We utilize a variety of open-source distributed systems including HBase, Kafka, Vitess, and Elasticsearch to scale our data collection and processing. Our scalability gives us flexibility for future growth and enables us to service a large variety of businesses of different sizes across different industries. Extensible and Open Architecture. Our customer platform features a variety of open application programming interfaces (“APIs”) that allows easy integration of our platform with other applications. We enable our customers to connect our platform to their other applications, such as ecommerce, event management and videoconferencing applications. By connecting third-party applications, our customers can leverage our centralized database to perform additional functions and analysis. Our Competitive Strengths We believe that our market leadership position is based on the following key strengths: Leading Platform. We have designed and built a world-class customer platform. We believe our customers choose our customer platform over others because of its powerful, integrated, and easy-to-use applications. We built HubSpot on a single, unified, and intuitive platform, which we believe contrasts positively with many other CRM suites. We are also investing in powerful AI capabilities and agents across all our engagement hubs and the Smart CRM in order to strengthen the customer platform even further, ensuring that customers can work smarter. Customer-centric DNA . We have a company culture that prioritizes serving customers and meeting their needs to help them grow better. This informs the product features we offer, the way we go-to-market across our engagement Hubs and also how we price and package our offerings. This customer-centricity is a key differentiator and enables us to continuously innovate. Market Leadership and Strong Brand . We are a recognized thought leader in the cloud-based marketing, sales, customer service, operations, content management, and commerce software industry with a leading brand. Our founders, Brian Halligan and Dharmesh Shah, wrote the best-selling marketing book Inbound Marketing: Get Found Using Google, Social Media and Blogs. We have now pioneered a fundamentally different way of doing marketing in an AI era with “Loop Marketing”. Our customer platform experience attracts, engages, and delights customers by being more relevant, more helpful, more personalized, and less interruptive than traditional marketing and sales tactics. Our INBOUND event is one of the largest marketing and sales industry conference events. In 2025, we had over 13,000 registered in-person attendees and over 550,000 livestreams and on-demand views across our ecosystem. Large and Growing Solutions Partner Program. A Solutions Partner is a service provider that helps businesses with strategy, execution, and implementation of go-to-market activities and technology solutions. Our Solutions Partners promote our brand and offer our customer platform to their customers. Solutions Partners and customers referred to us by our Solutions Partners represented approximately 25% of our Customers as of December 31, 2025, and approximately 49% of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. These Solutions Partners help us to promote the vision of the HubSpot experience, efficiently reach new mid-market businesses at scale, and provide our mutual customers with more diverse and higher-touch services. Freemium Pricing Strategy. Our freemium model attracts customers who begin using our customer platform through our free products and then upgrade to our paid engagement Hubs. Through our freemium products, our customers are able to receive value from HubSpot before converting to a paid product or engaging with sales. Mid-Market Focus. We believe we have significant competitive advantages reaching mid-market businesses and efficiently reach this market at scale as a result of our go-to-market approach, freemium pricing strategy, and our Solutions Partner channel. Powerful Network Effects. We have built a large and growing ecosystem around our customer platform and company. Tens of thousands of our Customers integrate third-party applications with our customer platform. We believe this ecosystem drives more businesses and professionals to embrace HubSpot playbook. As our engaged audience grows, more Solutions Partners collaborate with us, more third-party developers integrate their applications with our customer platform, and more professionals complete our certification programs, all of which generate increasing value to our customers and help to drive more businesses to adopt our customer platform. Our Growth Strategy The key elements to our growth strategy are: 8 Grow Our Customer Base. The market for our customer platform is large and underserved. Mid-market businesses are particularly underserved by existing point application vendors and often lack sufficient resources to implement complex solutions. Our all-in-one customer platform allows mid-market businesses to efficiently adopt and execute an effective strategy to help them expand and grow. We will continue to leverage our go-to-market approach, freemium pricing strategy and our network of Solutions Partners to keep growing our business. Increase Revenue from Existing Customers. With 288,706 Customers in more than 135 countries spanning many industries, we believe we have a significant opportunity to increase revenue from our existing customers. We plan to increase revenue from our existing customers by expanding their use of our customer platform by upselling additional offerings and features, including our end-to-end commerce solution, adding additional users, and cross-selling our customer platform to existing customers through touchless or low touch in-product purchases. Our scalable pricing model allows us to capture more spend as our customers grow, increase the number of their customers and prospects managed on our customer platform, and offer additional functionality available from our higher price tiers and add-ons, providing us with a substantial opportunity to increase the lifetime value of our customer relationships. Keep Expanding Internationally. There is a significant opportunity for our customer platform outside of the United States. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 53% of our Customers were located outside of the United States and these Customers generated approximately 48% of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. We sell to those international Customers from our U.S., European, Asia Pacific, and South American based operations. We intend to grow our presence in international markets through additional investments in local sales, marketing and professional service capabilities, as well as by leveraging our Solutions Partner network. We have significant website traffic from regions outside the United States, and we believe that markets outside the United States represent a significant growth opportunity. Continue to Innovate and Expand Our Customer Platform. Mid-market businesses are increasingly realizing the value of having an integrated marketing, sales, customer service, operations, commerce, intelligence and content management platform. We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity by introducing new products and applications to extend the functionality of our customer platform. As data is becoming more important to our customers’ success and a differentiator for our business, there is a need to move quickly on data enrichment. Selectively Pursue Acquisitions. We will continue to selectively pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies and teams that would allow us to add new features and functionalities to our customer platform and accelerate the pace of our innovation, while continuing to stay focused on the customer experience. Our Customer Platform Our customer platform, with engagement Hubs, our Smart CRM, and connected ecosystems enable companies to have a unified customer profile and connect with their customers at every part of their customer relationship lifecycle. Each Hub can be used standalone, with our Smart platform, a third party CRM, and/or in conjunction with any version of the other Hubs. Our Hubs are available in both free and paid tiers with gradually increasing levels of functionality that support the needs of our customers as their businesses grow. Businesses that want to use software outside of our customer platform can leverage our ecosystem of third-party integrations from our platform application partners to have a single, integrated stack. We make it easy to find and install new or existing software solutions that complement our customer platform. Over 2,000 integrations and applications are available for our users, across a wide range of categories, including integrations with leading social media, email, sales, video, analytics, content and webinar tools. Customers can build custom applications and integrations on top of our customer platform themselves, or through third party developers in our ecosystem. Smart CRM. The core of our customer platform is our Smart CRM: a unified data platform of lead and customer information that allows businesses to track their interactions with contacts and customers, manage their customer activities, report on their pipeline and sales, and manage and govern their team and business processes. This allows a complete view of lead and customer interactions across all of our integrated Hubs, giving our customer platform substantial power. This Smart CRM makes it possible to personalize every aspect of the customer interaction across web content, social media engagement, and email messages across devices, including mobile. The integrated Hubs and Smart CRM on our customer platform have a common user interface and are accessed through a single login. Breeze. Breeze is our AI that powers the customer platform, including our Smart CRM, engagement Hubs, and the connected ecosystem. Breeze is designed to enhance efficiencies for customer-facing teams by providing AI-powered insights, automation, content generation, and data enrichment. Breeze includes Breeze Assistant, a go-to-market assistant to boost productivity and make work easier, and Breeze Agents to help teams automate work, end-to-end, from strategy to execution. 9 Marketing Hub. Marketing Hub is an all-in-one toolset for marketers to create brand awareness, influence deals, and orchestrate marketing campaigns towards sales readiness over the entire customer lifecycle. Features include: marketing automation and email, social media, SEO, AEO, and reporting and analytics. Sales Hub. Sales Hub is designed to enhance the productivity and effectiveness of sales teams. Businesses can empower their teams with tools that deliver a personalized experience for prospects with less work for sales representatives. Features include: email templates and tracking, conversations and live chat, meeting and call scheduling, lead and website visit alerts, lead scoring, sales automation, pipeline management, quoting, forecasting, and reporting. Service Hub. Service Hub is our customer service software designed to help businesses manage, respond and connect with customers. Features include: conversations and live chat functionality, conversational bots, call tracking, tickets and help desk, automation and routing, knowledge base, team emails, feedback and reporting tools, and customer goals. Content Hub. Our Content Hub combines the power of customer relationship management and a content management system into one integrated platform. Our content tools enable businesses to create new and edit existing web content while also personalizing their websites for different visitors and optimizing their websites to convert more visitors into leads and customers. Features include: website pages, business blogging, video and podcast hosting, smart content, landing pages and forms, SEO recommendations, forms and lead flow, web analytics reporting, calls-to-action, and file manager. Operations Hub. Operations Hub is designed to help businesses combine, clean, and activate customer data in a connected platform, automate business processes, eliminate time-consuming data cleanup, and query and transform data to enable customer insights and connections. Features include: programmable automation, data sync, data curation, and data quality tools. Commerce Hub. Commerce Hub is a B2B commerce suite that helps streamline the opportunity-to-cash process for businesses to get paid faster, increase revenue and save time. It includes an end-to-end payment solution (“Payments”) which enables customers to accept electronic funds transfers (e.g. credit card payments) from their customers in less time and with fewer tools. With Payments, our customer's customer can buy and pay directly on a website, an email, or chat. Features include: payment links, invoices, quotes, subscription management, automation and revenue reporting. Our Services We complement our product offerings with customer success, support, and occasionally, professional services. We view these as critical elements of ensuring the long-term retention of our customers. The majority of our services and support is offered over email, phone, chat applications and via web meeting technology rather than in-person, which is a more efficient business model for us and our customers. We also leverage AI to further boost this efficiency. Customer Success. Our customers have access to a Customer Success Manager (“CSM”), Partner Development Manager ("PDM") or digital channels through our academy of educational content which are responsible for our customers’ long term success, retention and growth on our customer platform. Depending on the customer spend, they will either have a dedicated CSM, or are serviced primarily by digital and community forums. Our CSMs address the unique needs and goals of our customers through a series of ongoing interactions and strategy calls on how to best use our customer platform. Our PDMs play a similar role as our CSMs, but focus on the growth and success of our Solutions Partners. The Solutions Partner’s customers have oversight through CSM and work collaboratively with the PDM to help the Solutions Partner’s customers get the most value from our platform and the Solutions Partner’s services. Additionally, we embed Solution Architects with some customers to help them adapt their processes to be AI native and adopt HubSpot AI to run those processes. Support. In addition to assistance provided by our online articles and customer discussion forums, we offer phone and/or email and chat based support, which is included in the cost of a subscription for our Hubs. Phone, email and chat support is available starting at the Professional product level for all Hubs while email and chat based support is available for Starter Hubs. We leverage AI as a core part of our support offerings. We strive to maintain an exceptional quality of customer service. We continuously monitor key customer service metrics such as phone hold time, ticket response time and ticket resolution rates, and we monitor the customer satisfaction of our customer support interactions. We believe our customer support is an important reason why businesses choose our customer platform and recommend it to their colleagues. Professional Services. We offer professional services to educate and train customers on how to leverage our customer platform to transform how their business attracts, engages and delights customers. Depending on which Hubs and services a customer purchases, they receive onboarding guidance in the product and in some cases receive one-on-one training from one of our on-boarding, inbound consultants, or technical consultants by web meetings. Customers can purchase additional group training and education in online or in-person classes (when offered). We also offer in-app training modules that customers can use as part of their on-boarding. Our professional services are also available to customers who need additional assistance on a one-time or ongoing basis 10 for an additional fee. Depending on the scope of work and the services a customer needs help with, we might recommend they work with our Solutions Partner ecosystem. Our Customers As of December 31, 2025, we had 288,706 Customers in more than 135 countries, representing many industries. No single customer represented more than ten percent of our revenue in 2025, 2024, or 2023. Our Technology Our Customers have chosen us as their customer platform, which we architected and built to be secure, highly distributed and highly scalable. Since our founding, we have embraced rapid, iterative product development lifecycles, cloud automation and open-source technologies, including big data platforms, as well as AI, to power marketing, sales, service, data, commerce, and content management programs and provide insights not previously possible or available. Our customer platform is a multi-tenant, globally available software-as-a-service delivered through APIs, web browsers or mobile applications. Our commitment to a highly available, reliable, and scalable platform for businesses of all sizes is accomplished through the use of these technologies. Platform Approach. We built HubSpot on a single platform with reusable and composable libraries, allowing us to rapidly address new feature areas and bring new products to market that have a consistent user experience and data model. We have built this platform with scale in mind, supporting thousands of components including hundreds of microservices. Modern Database Architecture. We process billions of data points weekly across various channels, including social media, email, SEO and website visits, and continue to drive nearly real-time analytics across these channels. This is possible because we built our database from the ground up using distributed big data technologies such as HBase, Elasticsearch and Kafka to both process and analyze the large amounts of data we collect. We also utilize Vitess to operate MySQL at scale, allowing our engineers to choose the best datastore for each task. Agility. Our infrastructure and development and software release processes allow us to update our platform for specific groups of customers or our entire customer base at any time. This means we can rapidly innovate and deliver new functionality frequently, without waiting for quarterly or annual release cycles. We typically deploy updates to our software platform thousands of times a day, enabling us to gather immediate customer feedback and improve our product quickly and continuously. Cost leverage. Our customer platform was built on an almost exclusive footprint of open-source software and designed to operate in cloud-based data centers. As our processing volume continues to grow, we continue to receive larger volume discounts on a per-unit basis for costs such as storage, bandwidth and computing capacity. The shared infrastructure across our products also drives operational efficiencies. We believe that our extensive use of open-source software will provide additional leverage as we scale our customer platform and infrastru