 Overview Salesforce, Inc. (“Salesforce,” the “Company,” “we” or “our”) is a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology, helping organizations of any size become agentic enterprises. Founded in 1999, we bring humans, agents, applications, and data together on a trusted, unified platform to unlock growth and innovation. Our artificial intelligence (“AI”) powered Agentforce 360 Platform unites our offerings — spanning sales, service, marketing, commerce, collaboration, data management, integration, analytics, IT service, industry verticals and more — on a single, intelligent platform for trusted enterprise execution. We unify and harmonize across systems, applications and devices to create a complete view of customers. With this single source of customer truth powering agents, teams can be more responsive, productive and efficient and deliver AI-powered, personalized and automated experiences across every channel. With Agentforce, the agentic layer of the Agentforce 360 Platform, our customers can build and deploy always-on digital labor for employees and customers, leveraging autonomous AI agents across business functions that aim to increase productivity, lower costs and drive operational efficiencies. With Agentforce, AI is embedded in the flow of work — in the applications that our customers already use every day. Every Agentforce-embedded application now reasons, learns, and takes action alongside users. Our service offerings are designed to be flexible, scalable and easy to use. They can generally be configured easily, deployed rapidly and integrated with other platforms and enterprise applications. We sell to businesses worldwide, primarily on a subscription basis, through our direct sales efforts and also indirectly through partners. In addition, we enable third parties to use our platform and developer tools to create additional functionality and new applications that run on our platform, which are sold separately from, or in conjunction with, our service offerings. Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability – all of which are grounded in legal and regulatory frameworks that guide and inform our business. Foremost among these is trust, which is paramount and the foundation for everything we do, and is also firmly rooted in compliance with applicable laws governing security, privacy, data protection and operational integrity. Our customers expect to trust and rely on our technology to meet the high enterprise-grade standards of security, privacy, performance, legal compliance and availability at scale. Customer success is at the core of our business, and we align the entire company around our customers’ needs, promoting their success and delivering value while upholding applicable laws, contractual obligations and industry regulations and standards. Innovation is fundamental to our mission, empowering and enabling our customers to stay ahead in their industries and driving technological advancements in line with evolving laws, standards and guidelines. Equality is a legal and ethical mandate and a core tenet that informs how we operate. Our commitment to equal opportunity is anchored in applicable laws, statutes, regulations and principles. We value the equality of every individual at our company and in our communities and are dedicated to fostering a workplace that complies with these protections, creating an inclusive culture where every individual feels seen, heard and valued. Finally, we are committed to creating a more sustainable and nature-positive future for all. Our products and services help our customers meet their own sustainability and compliance priorities, guided by applicable environmental and sustainability-related laws, corporate social responsibility frameworks and legal requirements. By grounding our values in legal and regulatory principles, we reinforce our opportunity and responsibility to uphold high integrity and robust ethical standards, ensuring that trust, fairness, and compliance remain central to everything we seek to do. We believe that our values, grounded in legal and regulatory frameworks, create value, and the business of business is to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders, including stockholders, customers, employees, partners, the planet and the communities in which we work and live. Salesforce is committed to giving back to our communities, helping businesses grow while protecting the environment for future generations, and transparent environmental, social and governance disclosures. We believe we have a broad responsibility to society, and we aspire to create a framework for the ethical and humane use of technology that not only drives the success of our customers, but also upholds the basic human rights of every individual. Our Service Offerings We believe every business, in every industry, must become an Agentic Enterprise creating agent-first experiences that increase efficiency, boost productivity, and drive growth for customers, employees, and partners. We view Salesforce to be uniquely positioned to lead customers through this transformation. By integrating data, metadata, applications and agents, we have created a deeply unified platform for the Agentic Enterprise, with humans at the center. Central to this ecosystem is Slack, which serves as the primary conversational interface, allowing users to interact with Agentforce-embedded applications and autonomous agents within their natural flow of work. These Agentforce-embedded applications are infused with agentic capabilities that turn workflows into personalized, intelligent, autonomous experiences—so customers and employees can move faster, make better decisions, and achieve more value. Our service offerings are designed to work together and include: 4 Table of Contents Agentforce Sales. Our Agentforce Sales offering is an integrated platform that brings together the power of humans with AI agents to help sales teams sell faster and smarter, and to efficiently manage and automate entire sales processes. It provides sales capabilities and tools built for an entire sales organization – across prospecting, sales engagement, team collaboration, sales analytics and AI, sales programs, sales performance, partner management, and revenue and orders. With our Sales offering, businesses can create lifelong customers by connecting their entire organization and unifying all data sources on a single integrated platform. Further, with Agentforce for Sales, customers can build a sales team augmented by a digital labor force and empower every seller with their own AI agent to help accelerate productivity and drive growth. Agentforce Service. Our Agentforce Service offering enables companies in every industry to bring all of their customer, employee, IT and field service needs onto one integrated, AI-powered platform to deliver trusted, highly personalized customer support at scale. It also helps our customers maximize productivity, resolve cases faster and improve customer satisfaction by automating routine tasks. With Agentforce for Service, customers can tap the power of digital labor to handle low-touch interactions and help their teams with high-touch tasks, unlocking new levels of efficiency. Agentforce automatically routes cases to the best service agent for the job, responds to customers with personalized, relevant answers grounded in company data and performs tasks like auto-summarizing support cases and field work orders. Our service offering also provides a field service solution that enables companies to connect service agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can intelligently schedule and dispatch work as well as track and manage jobs. Agentforce 360 Platform, Slack and Other. The Agentforce 360 Platform enables companies of all industries, sizes, and locations to build business workflows, applications and AI agents on a single, comprehensive platform to help automate processes, boost efficiency, increase productivity and reduce information technology costs. It facilitates development with no-code and low-code tools that are easy to use and free to learn, empowering teams to build trusted applications, workflows, AI agents and much more. Our Trust Layer is built into the Platform to help customers safely use their data and set guardrails on what AI agents do with that data. The Agentforce 360 Platform is built on Hyperforce, our infrastructure that helps customers manage data governance and compliance at a local level, all over the world. Our technology partners help customers to add the applications and agents they need and utilize the data lakes and other infrastructure they have already invested in. With our open, extensible Agentforce 360 Platform, customers can integrate and build with any data or partner application they choose to make the Agentforce 360 Platform work for their business. Data 360 . Data 360 is Salesforce’s hyperscale, trusted data engine that gives AI agents their context and serves as the foundation for how customers unify our service offerings making their data actionable for both humans and agents. It connects enterprise data from across clouds, systems, and channels utilizing zero-copy technology to access external data sources without the need for duplication. This architecture unifies, cleans, and harmonizes the data into a single, governed source of truth that agents can reliably understand and act on. Through real-time ingestion, transformation, indexing, and retrieval-augmented generation, Data 360 turns both structured records and unstructured content—emails, documents, conversations, and events—into usable, searchable intelligence. This gives AI agents the customer and business context they need to reason accurately, personalize interactions, and make better decisions in the moment. By leveraging Data 360’s metadata and trust framework, Data 360 is designed to make every data point permissioned, governed, and compliant, so agents see only what they are allowed to see and act only within approved boundaries. Informatica . The acquisition of Informatica closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026, significantly expanding our trusted data foundations. Informatica is an enterprise-grade, AI-powered data management platform that enables customers to discover, integrate, govern, and deliver trusted data at scale across hybrid and multi-cloud environments. It provides comprehensive capabilities for data integration, quality, governance, master data and metadata management, and catalog services that connect and harmonize data from any source—whether on-premises, cloud-based, or within legacy systems. By leveraging Informatica's agentic and metadata-driven architecture, customers can break down data silos with confidence in data quality and compliance, and establish a unified foundation for enterprise AI. Informatica extends our data connectivity beyond native integrations, enabling customers to bring enterprise data from complex, distributed systems into Salesforce and Data 360 while autonomously maintaining governance, lineage, and security controls across the entire data lifecycle. Slack. Our Slack offering is the conversational interface for the Agentic Enterprise where people and agents work together, connecting knowledge, actions, and data in real time. Slack centralizes conversations and collaboration, automates business processes, makes search and knowledge sharing seamless, and delivers trusted generative and agentic AI that augments employees so they can work smarter, make decisions faster, and drive real outcomes. Slack is also deeply integrated with every Salesforce offering, including Agentforce. We recently introduced Slackbot, a trusted, out-of-the-box personalized employee agent in Slack that can find answers, organize work, create content, schedule meetings, and take action. Agentforce . Agentforce enables customers to build, deploy, and manage enterprise-grade, autonomous AI agents at scale, enabling humans and agents to work together. Agentforce connects AI models directly to execution, handling workflows. Agents built on Agentforce can access live business data through Data 360, follow company policies defined in Salesforce metadata, and take action through Salesforce applications and MuleSoft Application Programming Interfaces (“APIs”). All of our customers’ deterministic business logic, workflows, and policies are instantly accessible to agents, without requiring 5 Table of Contents customers to remove and rebuild existing processes. Agents know the jobs to be done, and the steps needed to complete them, which greatly reduces complexity and speeds time to value. By pairing Large Language Model (“LLM”) reasoning with deterministic logic, Agentforce delivers more accurate, reliable outcomes within our trust layer. Agentforce is infused across every Salesforce application, so intelligence is embedded directly into the workflows where work actually happens. Instead of switching between tools, people can collaborate with agents inside and across the systems they already use every day, using natural language, across the majority of communication channels, including voice, chat and Slack. Every agent operates within defined permissions with full observability, governance, and auditability. Organizations can see what agents are doing, measure their performance, understand why decisions were made and intervene when needed. Teams can manage the complete agent development lifecycle with a set of tools to build, test, deploy, manage and orchestrate AI agents at scale. At its core, Agentforce powers the Agentic Enterprise—where humans set direction and values, and agents execute with speed, precision, and trust. Agentforce Marketing and Agentforce Commerce. Marketing. Our Marketing offering is a complete marketing platform designed to help customers personalize engagement across the customer lifecycle. By connecting departments through actionable data and autonomous AI agents, we empower teams to work together to build lasting customer relationships. With Agentforce for Marketing, marketers can save time on every step of the campaign process by generating briefs, content, and journeys, as well as optimizing performance and spend with actionable insights and predictive AI. With unified, 360-degree customer profiles, marketers and AI agents can easily build segments, calculate insights, analyze performance, and power AI recommendations, decisioning and automations. Agentforce for Marketing transforms traditional channels into two-way conversations, and enables teams to seamlessly provide next-best-offer recommendations for sales, support customer retention through proactive promotions, and re-engage inactive shoppers. Commerce. Our Commerce offering helps connect every aspect of commerce—from marketing and sales to service and fulfillment—on a single, connected, AI-powered platform, enabling brands to deliver personalized, seamless shopping experiences across every customer touchpoint. With Agentforce for Commerce, brands can autonomously manage a range of tasks with AI agents, such as product recommendations and order lookup, helping to boost capacity and productivity across marketing, commerce, merchandising, and store operations. With trusted AI and AI agents, businesses can generate product descriptions and web pages, and deliver personalized shopping assistance using natural language. Native integrations between our Commerce, Sales, Service and Marketing offerings enable brands to tackle complex challenges and build cohesive digital experiences. Additionally, our Commerce offering delivers click-to-code tools, which provide customers with the ability to quickly build and deploy our solutions around their customers as markets, industries, and customers evolve. Agentforce Integration and Agentforce Analytics. Integration. Our unified Integration, Automation, and API Management offerings, powered by MuleSoft, provide the essential building blocks to deliver AI-powered, end-to-end, connected experiences and faster innovation. Customers use MuleSoft across their systems to connect data, take action on their data using no-code or low-code automations across any system, and scale API governance to help secure and monitor all of their data in transit. MuleSoft Agent Fabric allows organizations to manage, govern, and observe agents regardless of where they were built or where they run, and provides a central registry to discover and reuse agents across the enterprise. Analytics . Our analytics offerings, including Tableau, provide advanced, end-to-end solutions that turn data into insight and action for a wide range of business use cases, powered by agentic AI. Built on the Agentforce 360 Platform, Tableau enables customers to visualize, analyze, and act on data from any source, and continuously surface trends, predict outcomes, and deliver recommendations. Tableau Semantics, integrated into Data 360, translates data into business language, driving more accurate responses and relevant insights. Agentforce agents can trigger actions directly from Tableau such as updating a forecast, launching a campaign, or escalating a customer issue. Tableau analytics can be surfaced natively within Salesforce applications, including Slack, lowering the barriers of actionable analytics for everyone. Other Salesforce Offerings In addition to our solution specific service offerings, we have specialized solutions that work across our offerings to support our customers’ business needs. These additional service offerings include: Industries . Our industry vertical offerings meet the specific needs of our customers across different industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, automotive and government. Each of our distinct industry offerings provide out-of-the-box, Agentforce-powered capabilities that enable industry customers to leverage the full Agentforce 360 Platform with purpose-built tools that address industry-specific needs and provide the speed and flexibility to keep up with changing times and customer demands. Salesforce’s industry offerings also includes Industries AI – a suite of capabilities for more than 200 industries and a library with resources on how to get started for every industry offering. Industries AI serves as the foundation for creating industry-specific AI agents with Agentforce that can be set up in minutes, work around the clock, and autonomously perform industry-specific business tasks and actions. 6 Table of Contents Salesforce Starter. We offer Starter Suite, an all-in-one, easy-to-use solution for small and medium-size businesses that brings sales, service, marketing and commerce together. Starter Suite helps businesses launch Salesforce quickly and easily, so they can save time, boost productivity, and manage relationships with all of their customer operations in one centralized location. Starter Suite allows businesses to build a trusted foundation of customer data for advanced AI technology to support efficient business growth. Business Benefits of Using Our Solutions The key advantages of our solutions include the following: • an industry-leading, AI-powered deeply unified platform to create an Agentic Enterprise for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world; • scalable, efficient and flexible solutions for any size company or industry; • a single source of truth that connects customer data across systems, applications and devices to help companies sell, service, market and conduct commerce from anywhere; • the ability to unlock companies’ customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction; • the ability to infuse trusted AI in the flow of work and create AI agents that help make the customer experience more intelligent, automated and personalized, and enhance employee productivity; • the ability to collaborate easily with customers, employees, partners and systems; • modern low-code and no-code tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to create digital experiences, build agents and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value; • the ability to accelerate adoption and drive results with purpose-built, compliant tools and processes that deliver out-of-the-box functionality, security and interoperability; and • an enterprise application and agent marketplace and a community of tens of millions of Trailblazers who are passionate developers, admins and experts that use Salesforce to innovate and extend the platform with thousands of partner applications. Our Business and Growth Strategy We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings. We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers and increasing our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. We orient our business strategy and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities: Expand relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through cross-selling and upselling our service offerings. For example, we continue to focus on driving adoption of multiple service offerings, which provides our customers with a one-stop-shop for their front-office business technology needs. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customers’ experience with new products and features and gain additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. Finally, we aim to expand our relationships with existing customers through our additional support offerings. Increase geographic reach. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally. We also plan to continue to develop distribution channels through new and existing marketplaces and partners for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to invest in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. Focus on industries and new products. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative and value-driven solutions in new categories based on our existing and potential customers’ needs. For example, we provide out-of-the-box solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. In addition, through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to deliver the innovations and enhancements that align with the needs of our customers. Leverage our partner ecosystem. The Agentforce 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based applications. These applications can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries. Promote strong customer adoption and reduce customer attrition. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. Our customer success programs, including success management resources, advisory services, technical architects and business strategists, help enable and accelerate our customers’ digital 7 Table of Contents transformations. In addition, we have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies learn our systems and a community of Trailblazers who drive innovation. With these programs and resources, we aim to reduce attrition and secure renewals of existing customer subscriptions. Mergers and Acquisitions and Strategic Investments We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Agentforce 360 Platform.